Path: cantaloupe.srv.cs.cmu.edu!crabapple.srv.cs.cmu.edu!fs7.ece.cmu.edu!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!howland.reston.ans.net!usc!sdd.hp.com!ncr-sd!ncrcae!ncrhub2!ncrwat!53iss6!jfare
From: jfare@53iss6.Waterloo.NCR.COM (Jim Fare)
Newsgroups: sci.med
Subject: Re: Oily skin - problem?
Message-ID: <10900@ncrwat.Waterloo.NCR.COM>
Date: 5 Apr 93 17:13:56 GMT
References: <1993Apr5.044140.1@vaxc.stevens-tech.edu>
Sender: news@ncrwat.Waterloo.NCR.COM
Reply-To: jfare@53iss6.Waterloo.NCR.COM (Jim Fare)
Distribution: world
Organization: Imaging Systems Division, NCR Corp, Waterloo, Ont., CANADA
Lines: 15

In article <1993Apr5.044140.1@vaxc.stevens-tech.edu> u92_hwong@vaxc.stevens-tech.edu writes:
>	I have a very oily skin.  My problem is when I wash my face, it becomes
>oily in half an hour.  Especially in the nose region.  Is this an illness?  How
>can I prevent it from occuring in such short time?  Is there a cleanser out
>there that will do a better job -- that is after cleaning, my face won't become
>oily in such a short time.

I don't think that's a problem.  My face is quite oily too.  I had a moderate
acne problem for many years.  I then found that if I vigorously scrub my face
with a nail brush and soap (Irish Spring) twice a day the acne was not a 
problem.  I can still leave a pretty health nose print on a mirror after 45 min
(don't ask ;->) but acne is not a real problem anymore. 
I have a 42 yr old male friend, misdiagnosed as having
 osteopporosis for two years, who recently found out that his
 illness is the rare Gaucher's disease. 

Gaucher's disease symptoms include: brittle bones (he lost 9 
 inches off his hieght); enlarged liver and spleen; internal
 bleeding; and fatigue (all the time). The problem (in Type 1) is
 attributed to a genetic mutation where there is a lack of the
 enzyme glucocerebroside in macrophages so the cells swell up.
 This will eventually cause death.

Enyzme replacement therapy has been successfully developed and
 approved by the FDA in the last few years so that those patients
 administered with this drug (called Ceredase) report a remarkable
 improvement in their condition. Ceredase, which is manufactured
 by biotech biggy company--Genzyme--costs the patient $380,000
 per year. Gaucher's disease has justifyably been called "the most
 expensive disease in the world".


                                          [J.F.]

